= Audrey 2.0

Audrey 2.0 is a gem for feed processing and aggregation. 

== Please note: This should be considered an Alpha release

The initial codebase is an adaptation of several other prototypes. It suffers from
severe shortages of documentation and testing. Both are coming soon.

== Release notes 

The 0.3.0 version of Audrey 2.0 makes three changes which could break compatibility with
existing installations. They are all very easy to deal with:

1) The default location of the configuration file has moved from /etc/audrey2/audrey2.conf
to /etc/audrey2.conf

2) In a theme's entry.haml when you reference data in the source hash you now need to index 
the hash using symbols rather than strings: source[:name] replaces source['name'].

3) If email notification of errors is configured via SMTP you now need to identify the 
SMTP server with the key 'address' instead of 'server' in Audrey 2.0's configuration file.

== Installation

gem install audrey2

== Usage

Audrey 2.0 installs a command-line script, feedme, which can be fed one or more recipes:

feedme recipe [recipe2] [recipe3] ...

Each recipe lists one or more feeds and identifies a theme to be used at output. When 
feedme is run it aggregates the feeds according to the recipe and generates themed
output. 

== Requirements

Audrey 2.0 depends on the feed_normalizer and haml gems. 

== Configuration

* A configuration file which is located by default at /etc/audrey2.conf. This location 
can be overridden with the command line --config option. The configuration file is in
YAML format and must at minimum include the following lines:
  * recipes_folder:  ./recipes
  * themes_folder:   ./themes
* A recipes folder specified in the configuration file and containing at least one recipe. 
* A themes folder specified in the configuration file and containing at leastone theme.

== Recipes

Each recipe is a YAML-format file located in the recipes folder specified in Audrey 2.0 config. 
The filename must match the command line argument used when passing the recipe to the feedme
command-line program. By convention recipe filenames omit an extension. 

Each recipe must

* List one or more feeds in an array of hashes formatted like this:

feeds:
 -
  name: nytimes
  url: http://www.nytimes.com/services/xml/rss/nyt/HomePage.xml  
 - 
  name: bostonglobe
  url: http://syndication.boston.com/topstories.xml

* Identify a theme
  
theme: mytheme

* Identify an output filename and path

output_file: entries.html

== Themes

Themes are located in eponymous folders within the themes folder identified in Audrey 2.0 config.
A theme folder must contain a single HAML template named entries.haml. This template is rendered 
once for each entry in the feed aggregation. The rendered entries are concatenated and output at
the path specified in the recipe.

A theme folder may also contain a file named helpers.rb. When this file is present its code is
loaded into the HAML rendering scope, making any methods defined within available during 
rendering of entries.haml. 

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Sven Aas. See LICENSE for details.
